README.md, before:

# [💻 LiveTerm - build terminal styled websites in minutes!](https://huyhoang8398.github.io)

Highly customizable, easy-to-use, and minimal terminal styled website template, powered by Next.js.

Building a simple website with LiveTerm only takes **minutes**, and you only need to work with **one** file: `config.json`. After you cloned this repository, simply run `yarn install && yarn dev` and start editing `config.json` to build your website!

LiveTerm can be used to build a variety of websites:

- [personal website](https://huyhoang8398.github.io)
- or maybe just a cool browser music player...be creative!

Feel free to play with the web demo above!

## 📸 Showcase

<p align="center">
<img src="./demo/demo.gif" width="600"><br>
<strong>LiveTerm with different themes</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./demo/dohoang.png" width="600"><br>
<strong><a href="https://huyhoang8398.github.io" target=_blank>my personal website</a></strong>
</p>

## 🚀 Ship your LiveTerm site in less than 5 minutes

LiveTerm requires the `yarn` package manager. You can install `yarn` [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/).

Simply run the following commmand in your terminal:

```bash
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/huyhoang8398/LiveTerm/main/install/install.sh)"
```

This will install LiveTerm to the current directory. You can start building your website with:

```bash
cd LiveTerm && yarn dev
```

Start editing `config.json` and try saving and see the updated changes!

Alternatively, you can clone this repository to a location of your choosing

```bash
git clone https://github.com/huyhoang8398/LiveTerm.git && cd LiveTerm
```

Then install dependencies and start developing there:

```bash
yarn install && yarn dev
```

### Docker Usage

First, clone the project and edit `config.json` to your liking. Then run the following to start the container in the background:

```shell
docker-compose up -d
```

If you **know** what you were doing, you can also try changing `Dockerfile` & `docker-compose.yml`!
Learn more about Docker [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/ 'here').

## 📄 Configuration

### Basic Configuration

90% of LiveTerm's configurations are done through the `config.json` file.

```javascript
{
  "readmeUrl": // create a Github README and link it here!
  "title": // title of the website
  "name": // your name, included in 'about' command
  "ascii": // ascii art to display
  "social": {
    "github": // your handle
    "linkedin": // your handle
  },
  "email": // your email
  "ps1_hostname": "liveterm" // hostname in prompt
  "ps1_username": "visitor", // username in prompt
  "resume_url": "../resume.pdf", // path to your resume
  "non_terminal_url": "W",
  "colors": {
    "light": {
      ...
    },
    "dark": {
      ... // you can use existing templates in themes.json or use your own!
    }
  }
}
```

Feel free to change it as you see fit!

### Themes

You can find several pre-configured themes in `themes.json`, and you can replace the colors in `config.json` with the theme color you like! The themes are based on the themes on [this website](https://glitchbone.github.io/vscode-base16-term/#/).

For a better preview of the themes, checkout the images in the `demo` folder.

### Favicons

Favicons are located in `public/`, along with the other files you may want to upload to your website. I used this [website](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) to generate favicons.

### Banner

You may also want to change the output of the `banner` command. To do that, simply paste your generated banner in `src/utils/bin/commands.ts`. I used this [website](https://manytools.org/hacker-tools/ascii-banner/) to generate my banner.

### Advanced Configuration

If you want to further customize your page, feel free to change the source code to your liking!

## 🌐 Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy a Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/) from the creators of Next.js.

You can install `vercel` cli and follow the instruction [here](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/deployments/overview).

You can also connect your github account to vercel and have vercel automatically deploy the github repository for you.

## Credit

Based on M4TT72's awesome [Terminal](https://github.com/m4tt72/terminal).

Commit message:

Update README for This fork adds responsive functionality for phones and other platforms

README.md, after:

# [💻 LiveTerm - build terminal styled websites in minutes!](https://huyhoang8398.github.io)

This project is Forked from Cveinnt's repo LiveTerm
**This fork adds responsive functionality for phones and other platforms**

Highly customizable, easy-to-use, and minimal terminal styled website template, powered by Next.js.

Building a simple website with LiveTerm only takes **minutes**, and you only need to work with **one** file: `config.json`. After you cloned this repository, simply run `yarn install && yarn dev` and start editing `config.json` to build your website!

LiveTerm can be used to build a variety of websites:

- [personal website](https://huyhoang8398.github.io)
- or maybe just a cool browser music player...be creative!

Feel free to play with the web demo above!

## 📸 Showcase

<p align="center">
<img src="./demo/demo.gif" width="600"><br>
<strong>LiveTerm with different themes</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./demo/dohoang.png" width="600"><br>
<strong><a href="https://huyhoang8398.github.io" target=_blank>my personal website</a></strong>
</p>

## 🚀 Ship your LiveTerm site in less than 5 minutes

LiveTerm requires the `yarn` package manager. You can install `yarn` [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/).

Simply run the following commmand in your terminal:

```bash
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/huyhoang8398/LiveTerm/main/install/install.sh)"
```

This will install LiveTerm to the current directory. You can start building your website with:

```bash
cd LiveTerm && yarn dev
```

Start editing `config.json` and try saving and see the updated changes!

Alternatively, you can clone this repository to a location of your choosing

```bash
git clone https://github.com/huyhoang8398/LiveTerm.git && cd LiveTerm
```

Then install dependencies and start developing there:

```bash
yarn install && yarn dev
```

### Docker Usage

First, clone the project and edit `config.json` to your liking. Then run the following to start the container in the background:

```shell
docker-compose up -d
```

If you **know** what you were doing, you can also try changing `Dockerfile` & `docker-compose.yml`!
Learn more about Docker [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/ 'here').

## 📄 Configuration

### Basic Configuration

90% of LiveTerm's configurations are done through the `config.json` file.

```javascript
{
  "readmeUrl": // create a Github README and link it here!
  "title": // title of the website
  "name": // your name, included in 'about' command
  "ascii": // ascii art to display
  "social": {
    "github": // your handle
    "linkedin": // your handle
  },
  "email": // your email
  "ps1_hostname": "liveterm" // hostname in prompt
  "ps1_username": "visitor", // username in prompt
  "resume_url": "../resume.pdf", // path to your resume
  "non_terminal_url": "W",
  "colors": {
    "light": {
      ...
    },
    "dark": {
      ... // you can use existing templates in themes.json or use your own!
    }
  }
}
```

Feel free to change it as you see fit!

### Themes

You can find several pre-configured themes in `themes.json`, and you can replace the colors in `config.json` with the theme color you like! The themes are based on the themes on [this website](https://glitchbone.github.io/vscode-base16-term/#/).

For a better preview of the themes, checkout the images in the `demo` folder.

### Favicons

Favicons are located in `public/`, along with the other files you may want to upload to your website. I used this [website](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) to generate favicons.

### Banner

You may also want to change the output of the `banner` command. To do that, simply paste your generated banner in `src/utils/bin/commands.ts`. I used this [website](https://manytools.org/hacker-tools/ascii-banner/) to generate my banner.

### Advanced Configuration

If you want to further customize your page, feel free to change the source code to your liking!

## 🌐 Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy a Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/) from the creators of Next.js.

You can install `vercel` cli and follow the instruction [here](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/deployments/overview).

You can also connect your github account to vercel and have vercel automatically deploy the github repository for you.

## Credit

Based on M4TT72's awesome [Terminal](https://github.com/m4tt72/terminal).
